{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hoi! I am Canavar. I lives with my daddy and mommy. Today, mommy and daddy went away and they ask auntie Cherry to come take cares of me. \
\
I like auntie Cherry. She pets me, play with me, make me a tent and almost never left the house. \
\
Except one thing. Kibble confusion. Mommy always give me kibble before she goes to sleep, so I can eat whenever I am hungry. Auntie Cherry misunderstood something and gives me kibbles in the morning instead of night. \
\
I try to tell auntie Cherry that she need to improve this minor problem by standing on her chest and meowing at her before she goes to sleep. But somehow she just thinks I am being nice to her. You know what is also nice. Sleeping is also very nice. Zzz\
\
Oh noew! Its morning again. I am hungry. Damn it. Aunt Cherry is sleeping, so I try to do as much annoying actions to wake her up. \
\
I did loud parkour, loud scratching sofa, loud scratching her, and opinionative meowing. And she thought I need pats and asking me to sleep with her. Sleeping is nice. Zzz\
\
Oh noew. Damn it. I forgot I am hungry and fell asleep. I slapped auntie Cherry. She wakes up, while she bring the kibbles, I try to say it loudly. \'93Meow(this), meow~(before), meow!(sleep)\'94. \
\
And then she went back to sleep. Damn it. I don\'92t think she understand. \
\
I look outside the window, thinking deeply how to let her know. And the birds outside are fun. }